Hello everyone,
I'm Dolcy Swezal Santhumayor , a second year computer science student from NMAMIT,Nitte,Karnataka.
This is my first ever internship with DLITHE.
It was an online Internship on the topic Machine learning which had 15 days of online classes and the other 15 days of self work.
As a newcomer to the technical dept i didn't know about Machine learning until i started this internship and learnt more about it and try to improve my skills.

My internship journey: It waas a very smooth and effictive journey as i could learn lot about Machine learning ,itz  wide range of application, importance in day to day life,
creation of data analysis on various topics. I got this training from Mr.Sobin Sunny and assistance from Mr.Arun Rajpurohit.
Machine learning was done by using the Python language. The different python interpretors are: Anaconda, Jupyter notebook, Spyder, Pycharm. The common packages are Numpy, scipy, Matplotlib, seaborn, scikitlearn.
To overcome the errors and difficulties in making this project i did some additional learning by browsing google and watching youtube videos.

So letz know something about Machine learning:
It is a subset of artificial intelligence, which focuses on using statistical techniques to build intelligent computer systems in order to learn from databases available to it.
Currently, machine learning has been used in multiple fields and industries.

More details about this project:
to study the ongoing impact of the pandemic and how well India is able to defend it by the largest vaccination drive in the world that began on 16 January 2021. i did a small data analysis
on the vaccination of India in which i could find the total number of vaccinations recieved through different criteria such as age,gender,different states,type of vaccination,vaccine wastage and finally on frontline workers.
The prediction was done through bar graphs, piechart, tabular columns.

So from this training i have gained an overiew about Machine learning , itz application and how it works.

This is all about me and my internship journey and the project.........

-Thank you:)
